hello and welcome to CX in gaming today
I'm on a map by I like cute people this
is called tangled it was billing 1.2.5
I'm on 1.5.2 but I could still play on
it ways yeah this looks pretty cool so
I've seen the movie too so I know pretty
much what this is about
you know why there's a hole right there
but keep looking around this big Tower
yeah alright so I'm just gonna fly
around the map to check it out okay so
over here is the whole village I guess
this is pretty cool just fly over cuz I
don't want to have to walk you know you
got these cool like ships around it's
pretty awesome
so well I've got a big inventory he it's
all the stuff you can see alright so
we're gonna keep flying around and
checking out more of its pretty cool you
know re-creation of the ting gold you
know Harry I really like these boats
that they made
check out buildings into the buildings
they're not all designed either you can
tell that's okay cuz they look really
cool outside of what you can see of it
okay so we're back I'm tangled sorry
about this I keep stopping the video
because I gotta keep doing other things
this is like way later in the day
alright so this is just more houses over
here my throat's little raspy dry
so this is the core I remember as I seen
the movie - this
see not many of these are like actually
designed you see looks like I like you
people's actually still working on this
map
it's definitely nice map I like it a lot
it's very good um you know I gotta say I
like you people just definitely makes
amazing maps I mean just look at the
technique of this it's just lovely
lovely lovely see this one amazing
so let's keep continuing throughout the
city all right up here these steps it's
a little area over here yes that's the
features to come all the way up here or
you could have came through here so
that's kind of up to you which way you
want to go but it pretty much I believe
leads either the same Wow would you look
at that amazing it seems that it pretty
much leaves you the same area see comes
around through there and if you go
through the other staircase Oh brings
you through here so this is actually a
different area there's a little like
these are like cottage homes or
something yeah this is a whole different
area back here this is me like private
houses in the countryside nice
that's the farthest house it's a nice
little house - Wow
it's definitely pretty good design but
where's the door let's see door
yeah these don't even have doors this
one does I think no all right well back
to the main point it doesn't really
matter
see that one does maybe just don't make
me more here's this area
Wow would you just take a look at this
amazing amazing look at this wow that is
just insanely awesome do you like not
want to live at a place this nice look
at this
every little design I love that little
thing right there it's just amazing Wow
the whole design of this thing look at
this Wow
insane this is good
you know he didn't do the inside but
that doesn't really matter and I got
this a while back and I haven't still
done it so I don't know this map could
be updated for all I know but anyways
this is the version I have so this is
what's done on the version I have
anyways this is really good look in the
description for link I try to get a link
to the channel if not make sure to type
in a comment I know you guys do that
sometimes I forget as I do have a bad
memory at times so if I do forget to put
the link to the channel make sure to
leave a comment tell me death there will
definitely be a link to the map I never
forget to put that but sometimes I
forget to put a link to the channel
there's most maps that play on the
people don't have a youtube so yeah make
sure to remind me if I forget I love
that little design matter
so anyways goodbye everyone make sure to
subscribe if you haven't already like
the video favorite the video share
before your friends get out this amazing
map once again made by I like you people
this is amazing
doesn't look at this I'm just backing up
slowly take a look at that amazing thank
you all so much for watching the video